Let's talk more about exception handling.
What if a user calls
the updateLocationName method and parses in the ID of a location that doesn't exist?
Notice here on line 32,
the findById method of the location repository returns an optional location.
So that means a location may or may not be returned.
On line 34, I'm testing to see if a location was returned.
If a location wasn't returned,
then I'm throwing this custom exception called LocationNotFoundException.
So let's talk more about custom exceptions.
Navigate to LocationNotFoundException.java.
The first step to create a custom exception is to extend RuntimeException,
and then to make it specific to GraphQL, implement GraphQLError.
GraphQLError provides a field called extensions.
This allows you to pass additional data to
the error object that is sent back to the client.
In this case, I'm parsing the ID here of the invalid location.
So notice on line 17,
I'm adding to the extensions map, the invalidLocationId.
So when the message goes back to the client,
it will have a generic error message that's defined here, location not found.
It will also have the ID of the specific location not found.
Now, let's look at testing everything out.